# FUNCTION   
*Funtion Decreases Redundancy*   
*Increase Code Reusability.*  
**so basically the function is a block of code that can take** 
* **input:** do some  
* **process:** and then give   
* **result:** in the end.  

this block work as a structure and perfomed a specific task.   
it's like using the same logic again and again.  
Function  perform  code reusebility by  calling the function we can use that block of code written inside.  
Function are two types:
1.Built in function   
In this  pre defined function like :print()max(),min(),pow() comes under in that are pre defined that comes under it.
2.User defined function     
Function that are created by the user  to reduced the max block of code,resuse it multiple time by  calling. It can used multiple times and it's easy to modify in because everything is in a single block so u can easily change it will update everywhere.  
**FUNCTION**   
Example: def gm(a,b), def greater(a,b),def lessthen(a,b)   
## SYNTAX OF FUNCTION
def Functioname(parameter):
indentation (  logic  )
indentation (  result  )
**Parameter**: these are the placeholder variable which are inside of the function or you say inside of the parenthesis.def add(x,y):# x and y are the parameter(a and b are just name ,no values yet).
**Argument**:Argument are the values passed to the parameter when the function is called or during execution time  
  def add(x,y):
  (indent)add=x+y
  (indent)print(add)    
  So during calling: add(10,20):these 10 and 20 are the real arguemnt.
**Pass in Function**
If you want to leave the function for the future purpose or for defining it later you can use pass statement. 
**Why use pass**  
If you  leave the function incomplete for reason like u are not having use now but you will use that in the future.So by this if you leave that it will give error.def my_function(): it will give indentationError:expected an indented block. so for overcome this problem we use the this.   
``` def function(): ```
(indentation) pass
  Now python interpreter think there is something inside.

So for that we use pass

## ARGUMENTS:
there are 4 kind of argument 
**1.Required argument**
**2.Default argument**
**3.Keyword arguument**
**5.Variable length argument**
 
Now lets just take about them
**1.Default argument**:in these argument we give the value in the paramter or u can say we give the default values there u just have called the functionname() and parathensis it will perfome function which is written 
**more like this**
```def functionname(a=3,b=3):```
```add=a+b```
```print(add)```
```functionname()``` # without the argument or you can say without giving any values it will still do  the addtion of a+b=3.how our code works-as the code start,after calling the funtion it will check the parameter and in the parameter we have already given the a=2,b=3 so it will take and do the operation.
  
**2.Required argument**: in these argument you need to give the each parameter an argument or if u don't it will give an erro.In this you have to write like this.
```def functionname(c,a=2,a=4)```#always remember one thing u have to give non default values first then the default values later.  
```(indentation)  add=a+b```   
```(indentation)   print(add)```  
```functioname(c=23)```  
 **3.Keyword argument**: in these argument you have to give the values of the parameter during calling but remember order does not matter only parameter does.as example:-(a,b,c) or(c,a,b) and during calling(c=2,b=2,c=4).
 ```def functionkeyword(a,c,b):```
 ```(indentation) add=a+b+c```
```(indentation) print(add)```
now calling the function
```functionkeyword(c=2,a=2,b=1)``` in these u can see that the order is change but i have given the argument to  the parameters.
**4.Variable length argument**:these argument are  used for giving  the  parameter a list,tuple,dict,set. so in these paramter we give a the variable in paranthesis and * for tuple,list and ** for dict and mnay more in these ways 
```def additionthroughvariablelength(*number):```
   ```(indentation) product=0```
   ``` (indentationfor i in number:```
 ```   (indentation)   product+=i```
  ```(indentation) print("this is ouput of variable length :",product)```
```name=(1,2,3,4,5)```
```additionthroughvariablelength(*name)```
 
**And for last return**
return:this is given in the function to store the result or output or the processed part of the function into a variable. easy to use write in the line you want to take the proceesed value and save it in the  variable in the where function is called.  
 lets take the additionthroughvariablelenth() function
```def additionthroughvariablelength(*number):```
   ``` product=0```
 ```   for i in number:```
   ```     product+=i```
   ``` return print("this is ouput of variable length :",product)```#so return used to store the executed process in the variable
```name=(1,2,3,4,5)```
```additionis=additionthroughvariablelength(*name) ```as you can see the function output is will be save in anykind of variable 

## THANK YOU 